Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: track-it
Version: 0.0.1
Summary: Hand Tracking Machine Learning Module
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: Sunami Dasgupta
Author-email: sunamidasgupta@gmail.com
License: MIT
Description: This module is a simliar version of mediapipe module.
        So that developers don't have to write lines and lines of codes for just tracking the hand.
        It has two methods findHands() and findPosition()
        
        The ability to perceive the shape and motion of hands can be a vital component in improving the user experience across a variety of technological domains and platforms. For example, it can form the basis for sign language understanding and hand gesture control, and can also enable the overlay of digital content and information on top of the physical world in augmented reality. While coming naturally to people, robust real-time hand perception is a decidedly challenging computer vision task, as hands often occlude themselves or each other (e.g. finger/palm occlusions and hand shakes) and lack high contrast patterns.
        
        MediaPipe Hands is a high-fidelity hand and finger tracking solution. It employs machine learning (ML) to infer 21 3D landmarks of a hand from just a single frame. Whereas current state-of-the-art approaches rely primarily on powerful desktop environments for inference, our method achieves real-time performance on a mobile phone, and even scales to multiple hands. We hope that providing this hand perception functionality to the wider research and development community will result in an emergence of creative use cases, stimulating new applications and new research avenues.
        
        Change Log
        ==========
        
        0.0.1 (31/05/2021)
        -------------------
        - First Release
Keywords: handtracking
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows 10
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
